Clarify CA1860 and CA1827 (#36257)
dotnet/docs: docs/fundamentals/code-analysis/quality-rules/ca1860.md

## Cause

> <xref:System.Linq.Enumerable.Any%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> is called on a type that has a `Length`, `Count`, or `IsEmpty` **property**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<xref:System.Linq.Enumerable.Any%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> is called on a type that has a `Length`, `Count`, or `IsEmpty` *property*.
```

End Function
```

> [!NOTE]

> > This rule is similar to [CA1827: Do not use Count/LongCount when Any can be used](ca1827.md). However that rule applies to the Linq `Count()` **method**, while this rule suggest the use of the `Count` **property**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This rule is similar to [CA1827: Do not use Count()/LongCount() when Any() can be used](ca1827.md). However, that rule applies to the Linq `Count()` *method*, while this rule suggests using the `Count` *property*.
```
